{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww8180\viewh10140\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Teresa Luz Miller\
CSIT104 \
2 Feb 2016\
\
\
Problem 1\
\
	a: 42\
\
	b: 33\
\
	c: 23\
\
	d: 6\
\
	e: 31\
\
Problem 2\
\
	a: 39\
	b: 1011.110 (or 1011.11)\
	c: 32\
	d: 1000.00 (or 1000)\
\
\
Problem 3\
\
	a: 3\
	b: 15\
	c: -4\
	d: -6\
	e: 0\
	f: -16\
\
\
Problem 4\
20)\
	answer: \'93hexadecimal\'94\
\
\
Problem 5\
\
A: I think there should be a distinction in the rights of collecting and spreading data depending on its form. Many aspects come into play in deciding whether data such as video, audio, or photography have the same connotations as text. In 2013 Edward Snowden a now ex-employee for the the National Security Agency, also known as the NSA, leaked information that our personal data were observed by the government and in many cases stored and saved. This scandal opened up the discourse of whether this was ethical and \'93right\'94. I believe someone can do much more damage, legally, with data like video or photo. In New Jersey and many other states, have passed a law that has allowed parties to record audio without stating they were. \
\
Problem 6\
\
6.1: Scenario 1:\
\
As described, Roy is an active and agile user.  He is a truck driver, married, and a father to three. He already has a mobile phone but his needs exceed the phones capacity and is looking for a device to help him video call his wife. Personally, I would recommend a Tablet to Roy. Tablets are extremely diverse and accessible and are great for people on the go. Using a tablet, Roy can use Skype to video call his wife and connect to wifi. Unlike a desktop or PC, he can easily carry around this device and use it in any situation. Although Roy has no interest in playing games on a computer, he can still take pictures and even watch movies on a tablet if he chooses to. As a specific and brief justification for which brand or type of tablet he should get, I believe an apple iPad is best. Unlike Android devices, an iPad has more universal attributes like programs such as FaceTime, iMessage, Photo Booth, and a sleeker UI/UX design. Ranging from Pro to Mini - he can choose whichever is in his price range. \
\
6.2: Scenario 2: \
\
Liz is a freshman university student with a passion for everything photography. In the short description provided, I can tell Liz is trying to conserve her money and is on a budget for her new computer. The device I recommend she get is an Apple MacBook Pro. Although this machine is definitely not the cheapest on the market, I believe its a great investment for Liz as it\'92s life span is long and is extremely useful. The very high-resolution (2880x1800) display will go to use when editing photos and it\'92s 256GB solid-state drive delivers a fast performance. The laptop comes with 16GB of memory which will come in handy for her film projects and photography collages. Another benefit of getting an Apple laptop is that is has a 16.5 hour battery life which will allow Liz to be mobile at college. \
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 	}