{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Teresa Luz Miller \
Prof. Robila\
CSIT104\
PART B TEXTBOOK PROBLEMS \
\
B1: the first component is 
\i http 
\i0 which stands for HyperText Transfer Protocol followed by the domain: lifeforms.com. \'93COM\'94 stands for commercial. The next components are the files within the page followed by a dash for each directory: \'93/animals/moviestars\'94 and finally the name of the html file and code that is being presented on screen: \'93/kermit.html\'94.\
\
B2: Small packets of information are easier to manage and making transmission between messages more efficient. Chopping large amounts of data into bit sized pieces allows traffic to flow relatively clog free.\
\
B3: Technology has affected how we, as humans, react and function with different facets of society. Buying items off the Internet has slowly changed the shopping industry but I personally believe it hasn\'92t created detrimental damage to the business. Many people still prefer buying in stores versus online and shopping malls are still as popular as they were before the Internet existed. In fact, window shopping has blurred and merged from reality to virtual. We browse online stores as much as we do browse in real stores. The largest effect technology has had on the industry is the change in cost of production of goods. When we buy from local communities, we are also paying for labor and communal support whilst online - mass production of materials to cover the demand of millions of users has are are abusing factory workers and depending on the store like for example Forever21 and H&M even sweat shop workers as well. Ethics and morals come into play when these sensitive information comes to light. x}