{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf810
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh7580\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 Teresa Luz Miller\
Prof. Dr. Stefan Robila \
CSIT 104-01\
April 23 16
\b \
\
HW6\
\
\
p1\

\b0 SELECT title, len(minutes) FROM films\
\

\b p2\

\b0 SELECT title, year FROM movies\
WHERE len(minutes) BETWEEN 100 AND 110; 
\b \
\
p3\
a) \

\b0 SELECT * FROM movies\
WHERE title LIKE \'91%Y%\'92;\

\b b)
\b0 \
SELECT * FROM movies\
WHERE title LIKE \'93Toy Story%\'94;
\b \
\
p4\

\b0 SELECT title, director FROM movies\
WHERE director = \'93John Lasseter\'94 \
ORDER BY year;
\b \
\
p5 \

\b0 SELECT title FROM movies \
JOIN box office\
	ON movies.id = boxoffice.movie_id\
WHERE international_sales, domestic_sales  > 700000000 \
ORDER BY domestic_sales\

\b \
p6\

\b0 The topic of identity theft has becoming increasingly important with the rise of technological advances. Awareness is one of the best methods of protection in recognizing the extent we\'92re exposed to theft. Most recently the most fundamental aspects of our identity has been publicized and saved on the internet. Where we live, who we\'92re involved with, our phone number, photos, and even videos of ourselves. Escaping the \'93grid\'94, which is a term used to describe our online presence, is becoming harder but what is even more difficult is protecting our personal information from getting in the wrong hands. Some steps we can take to minimize exposure is to lessen the amount of information being shared to the public. Although it is arguable, deleted and deactivating services like Facebook and Snapchat, which has been shown to collect our data using facial recognition and other procedures, is a form of limiting the accumulation of data on ourselves. Knowing how much damage we could face from being a victim of identity theft can also minimize exposure. These damages can range from low-level crime like bank theft to large scale destruction of reputation and career. The question to ask is if we are victims should we be liable? It boils down to the circumstances. What type of crime was committed and were you at fault? Was it due to negligence and careless like uploading information such as a photo of your credit card on your social media? Liability for our actions suddenly becomes an ethical debate that intersects with the conversation of subjectability and objectivity.  }